This video I'm going to show you a quote to save Pay Pal payments in your website so visually going
up and comers settings.
And then what are going up and checkout here we're going to ask people express checkout to make sure
they have the blue you know reading style.
When Greenstein newcomer's the beginning where did these people express checkout gateway and also Stryper.
If you have these things that you can copy these name and start this blooey and then we have people
express check out and from here you can see that we have our picture inches.
So for a hittable Let's see for example some of that just means that we can make your god save the environment.
Always when you are developing your Web site make sure that you have a sandbox right here.
Some books I can you can make some things without real money.
You can make all the process you're buying something in the store and everything with fictional money.
So when I use the sandbox for a kid we're going to set up or cleaning an existing.
So I already have my account and I'm going out right here in order to have a paypal account.
You have to first create a Paypal account then verify the paypal account and you can create this sandbox
icon that you can see like a sandbox that people that come are you an kid on next.
And for a kid we're going to add the password.
You can see that this is asking us for authorization so we're going to actually get you up to Rassi
of the rising.
And you can see we had successfully installed these.
We're going to go back to that page
and you can see that we have you just authenticated the sandbox so we can redirect you to our Web site
and we have the sandbox already added.
That's something really nice.
So from here you can see this is a sandbox.
And once you perform all the best in everything you have to make the change to live.
But you have to make sure when you make the change to live you have to link again the paypal account
because the other one was a sandbox account.
So now everything is ready.
So for example up in some books again save the changes and it's up in the front and for web site
you can see that we have these really nice Cziko with paper you can proceed to check out.
And for a kid with cancer like they bought it right here.
So this is how you in-style baby in your website.
The same process goes for a stride or all that you have to worry.
They are the same.
Let's continue working in these videos.